There are cruel moments you never want...
to encounter in life.
- Please calm down. - He's my brother!
Just a second, please.
And those cruel moments are always...
preceded by choices that brought them about.
Yes, I'm Mr. Park Jun Mo's daughter, Park So Yoon.
I just want to know...
what's going on with my dad's case.
We received the injured party's request not to punish him,
so we'll probably be told to drop the case soon.
I see. Thank you.
(Episode 3)
And those little choices come back...
as regrets and haunt us later on in life.
If we can alter those seemingly insignificant choices,
we might be able to prevent such cruel moments.
(Antifreeze for All Seasons)
Seung Won.
Let's go. I'll walk you home.
Let go. Just pretend you never saw me.
Don't be like this. Let's go talk to the police or the prosecution.
There must be a way.
There's nothing we can do.
I heard that the prosecutor will bury everything.
He's dumb, and he works unnecessarily hard.
Who's that dumb and unnecessarily hard-working prosecutor?
Who's Seung Won?
He's my brother. Why do you ask?
In my dream, a guy named Seung Won...
killed someone.
Sorry?
His name is Jung Jae Chan?
That's right. Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan.
He's colluding with the attorney.
That can't be.
What do you mean?
That prosecutor is...
my brother.
What?
(Jae Chan)
Is he not picking up?
Jae Chan.
So Yoon. It's me, Mom.
Do you want to sleep over at Sung Hee's place tonight?
Mom and Dad have to talk about something today.
Why can't I be home?
Mom, Mom.
So Yoon!
Please.
Seung Won.
Keep yourself together!
You said you had a dream too, right?
Let's see if our dreams match.
- When was it? - Tonight.
Both of us are wearing the outfits I saw in the dream.
That means we don't have much time.
Tell me about your dream in detail.
It looked like a rich family's living room.
There was a piano at the center.
A piano?
Yes. A married couple fought there.
No, I can't really say that they fought.
It looked like the woman was getting beaten up by her husband.
Mom!
Their daughter and Seung Won came in right at that moment.
Please stop, sir!
Who are you supposed to be?
Seung Won, watch out!
Then while trying to stop the fight, Seung Won...
He ended up pushing the husband off the balcony.
This is all your fault.
I became a murderer because of you.
He resented his brother.
He said he became a murderer because of his brother.
Why is it your fault though?
Could it be...
about the Park Jun Mo case?
The Park Jun Mo case?
My friend is having a piano recital today. Do you want to go?
You know the piano prodigy, Park So Yoon, right?
- He's her dad. - Accused, Park Jun Mo.
The injured party does not wish the accused to be punished.
Therefore, the case is unprosecutable.
The end. My gosh! It didn't even take five minutes.
That's why he said it's my fault.
It's because I let Park Jun Mo go.
Do you happen to remember where that apartment building was?
I saw two moons from the window.
(Star World Exhibition)
Hey, Woo Tak. Can you relieve me?
Gosh, what on earth does he do every night?
Who killed him?
His wife? His daughter?
No, it was a young man who went into their place to stop the fight.
There he is.
My goodness, he's still so young.
Gosh, he's very handsome too.
My goodness.
Well... I was just trying to help my friend's mother.
Seung Won, Seung Won!
Jae Chan, get me out. I didn't kill him, Jae Chan.
Just a second, Officer. Wait.
- Sir. - Stop!
- You can't be doing this. - He's my brother.
- Please calm down. - He's my brother!
Let go of me, please!
Sir, you can't do this!
Are you up?
I didn't sleep.
Wipe your mouth first.
Okay.
Shall I drive, Kyung Han?
Yes.
Is your stomach upset?
Is it because of the oysters I ate earlier? Why is my stomach turning?
Why don't you use the washroom at the patrol division?
All right.
That's...
What's the matter?
It's nothing.
Let's hurry. Come on.
You would've killed that man had I not stopped the car.
Seung Won, Seung Won!
Hey, try to go faster.
I don't know how much longer I can hold it. Speed up, okay?
Hey, turn off the siren. It's not that urgent.
Turn it off already.
(Application for Divorce)
You also want me to pay for So Yoon's school abroad?
What am I? UNICEF? Mother Teresa?
We put it down in writing earlier.
You said you'd do anything I ask of you if I write that statement.
You're talking as if you deserve all this for scribbling that thing.
Both the prosecutor and the law are on my side now.
Why would I do this for you?
Do you know why the law is on my side?
Even if I do this...
Even if I do all this...
No one can touch me at all. Do you know why that is?
It's because everything here including you is mine.
I can do whatever I want with what's mine.
The law knows it very well because it's fair.
I'll get the forms again.
You piece of...
Jae Chan.
(Episode 3: Secretly, Greatly)
- What's going on? - What happened?
- What's all this fuss about? - It was so loud.
I know, right?
- Who pressed the fire alarm? - Is this a prank?
Mom.
So Yoon.
What's all this noise about?
Are you okay?
- Are you all right? - I'm fine, of course.
Let's go over there.
It's so chilly. What on earth is going on?
- Someone pressed it? - Did somebody file a false report?
You pressed the fire alarm, didn't you? I saw you pressing it earlier.
Well, I thought I saw some smoke.
Don't you smell something burning?
I don't smell anything.
Where did you see the smoke?
I think she pulled a prank.
Miss, did you file a false report or not?
I really saw it.
Was it over there?
Was it coming from the back?
I saw it too. I mean, the smoke.
So, it's not a false report.
What should we do, then?
I clearly told you to go straight home.
Why didn't you listen to me?
I had a reason.
If you let me explain, you'll understand why...
I already know that your friend is Park Jun Mo's daughter.
And you're here because you were worried about her.
You know? And you're still being like this?
Was I supposed to turn a blind eye or what?
Yes, turn a blind eye! You'll get hurt if you get involved.
And why didn't you pick up?
I couldn't answer your call because I was so ashamed of you!
- What? - Turn a blind eye?
Even if something horrible could've happened to my friend?
How can you say that? You shouldn't even call yourself a prosecutor!
You would've killed him hadn't I intervened.
That's not what you should be saying!
You should admit your fault...
and apologize for being a clueless prosecutor.
"I'll investigate it properly."
"Just trust me. You don't have to worry."
That's what a prosecutor should be saying!
You're my big brother, right?
A prosecutor is nothing special after all.
As a brother, you're really nothing special.
That's right. I'm nothing special.
But you're even more insignificant than me.
Even I will get in trouble if I act up. Who do you think you are?
I'm seriously so ashamed of you.
That's better than you getting hurt.
Don't get involved in So Yoon's problems.
You should sleep at Sung Hee's place tonight.
It's too late.
And what about you?
I'm fine.
Let's go to my place.
- Sorry? - Who are you?
I'm your friend's brother's girlfriend.
Let's get out of here before your husband sees you.
Geum Sook!
Let's go.
So Yoon!
Geum Sook!
It's so hard to hail a taxi here.
There are many other places we can go.
Really? Where?
Tell me. I'll take you there.
Well, I just thought you should know...
that there are many other places we can go.
What?
Kyung Han, I actually had...
a really strange dream earlier.
- In the dream, I saw... - I can't...
believe this situation right now.
Woo Tak, I really have to go to the bathroom.
We'll get there very soon. Just hold it for five more minutes.
Five more minutes? No, my muscles down there...
I can't even hold it for another minute.
Let's hurry.
Hey, what's going on?
Why are you pulling over? Why?
Hey, what now? What's happening?
What are you doing here?
We have to go home,
but there's no bus at this hour.
We can't seem to hail a taxi either.
- Which way are you going? - I really have to go.
The washroom at the patrol division...
I live near Sangku-dong.
Please get in. We're going that way on patrol anyway.
Thank you.
I can't believe this.
We've met before, haven't we?
Sorry?
Don't you remember me? On Valentine's Day,
we almost got into a huge accident, you know.
That's right. No wonder why you looked familiar.
Oh, it's not what you're thinking. He meant a car accident.
You're a police officer.
I didn't even get to thank you that day as I was so out of it.
Don't worry. It's okay.
I'm...
not okay.
I'm sorry...
to inconvenience you like this.
Hong Joo told me briefly about what happened.
So Yoon, what are you doing?
Are there only two rooms?
You two can use the master bedroom. I can sleep in Hong Joo's room.
It's okay. I think my mom and I should sleep in the living room.
Forget it. It gets cold here.
You don't need to feel bad. Just sleep in the master bedroom.
I'm not saying it because I feel bad. I prefer to sleep on the floor.
And my mom would prefer to sleep on the couch. Right, Mom?
What?
Yes, of course.
I would prefer to sleep on the couch.
Then I'll go bring a heating mat. You should sleep on it.
Otherwise, the cold floor will paralyze your face.
I told you. I like sleeping on bare floor.
Hong Joo, then go bring the heater.
No, it's okay.
My skin is dry, and heaters make it so much worse.
She's not that sociable because she's an only child.
- I'm sorry. - Gosh, don't be.
My only child also has dry skin, so I certainly know what it's like.
[VIU Ver] E05 While You Were Sleeping "Secretly, Greatly"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm honestly so embarrassed.
I'm too embarrassed of Jae Chan...
to even walk around in this neighborhood.
Honey, calm down.
Calm down and put that briquette down first.
We can talk about it, okay? Don't scare us like this.
I'm scaring you? You find this scary?
To me, money is scarier.
That idiot got ripped off, and he now owes them 5,000 dollars.
That scares me a million times more than anything else does.
5,000 dollars...
Strictly speaking, if we think about compensating them for all damages...
done to the property and the business,
5,000 dollars sounds pretty reasonable.
It is right that the offender pays the money.
Is that so? Then shall we talk about what's really right and wrong?
Our eldest son fooled us and practically stole...
money from us to buy his motorcycle.
Then he drove into a store and caused all this damage!
And you. I have to work so hard because you get paid peanuts.
Considering everything, you two deserve a death sentence!
Fine, let's all die today!
Gosh, what should we do?
- Oh, no! - My gosh!
Goodness!
Honey, this is... Gosh, it's so hot!
The floor... My goodness.
- What are you doing, Mom? - Gosh.
You said we should all die. Are you that worried about the floor?
Get out.
I can't even stand the sight of you, so get out!
- Get out right now! - Honey!
- Get out! - Gosh.
Hey, Seung Won.
Mom told me to tell you that she didn't send these.
Jae Chan. Try to behave yourself, okay?
You little...
Seung Won.
Are you asleep?
I'm sorry.
You must've resented me a lot earlier at the substation.
It's all because I'm incompetent.
Because I'm so incompetent,
I have too many regrets.
I just don't want you to turn out like me.
I want you...
to have a much better life.
I guess that's why my expectations keep getting higher.
I want you to be taller than me.
I want you to own a car...
even if I commute by bus.
I've never been on an airplane,
but I want you to fly first class all the time.
I started my career as a Grade Nine public official,
so I want you to start at a higher level.
You probably manipulated your report cards like that...
because you felt...
smothered by my expectations of you.
I'm sorry I stressed you out.
I'm an incompetent dad.
I'm sorry.
Gosh, seriously. I can't believe myself.
Am I sexually frustrated or what?
A kiss? And it was...
I kissed him first?
That's so wrong. It makes me look so pathetic!
I can only eat food my mom makes.
I can't function without my mom's food.
Please have a seat. We put a couple extra sets of cutlery.
Oh, I see. Thank you.
Mom, where's the toilet plunger?
The toilet is clogged.
It looks like a cow took a big dump in there!
It's not mine.
Hey, I'll unclog it later. Just come out.
Hurry up!
We're inconveniencing you so much.
Oh, no. Not at all. I'll just think that the poop is mine...
I mean, please don't worry and just make yourselves at home.
Relax. Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Let's try to relax.
Gosh, it's so hot!
My gosh.
Have breakfast before you go.
I have no appetite.
Since when did he care about things like that?
I'll never become a prosecutor.
Goodness, don't you worry.
You'll never be able to become one with the grades you've been getting.
My, this is so delicious.
Are you really not going to eat? You'll regret it.
Gosh, he's such a brat.
How about you try trusting that prosecutor?
Yes, just trust him...
and stay here until the case gets resolved.
The case is already closed.
The prosecutor has decided not to indict my husband.
I actually asked him about it.
The assistant chief prosecutor hasn't approved it,
so the case isn't closed yet.
So, if you can help him out a bit...
Help him with what?
Dad's attorney and that stupid prosecutor already ended the game.
Why are you calling him stupid?
All prosecutors are stupid.
A victim's statement is all they need to let the accused go.
Then don't write it.
Hadn't my mom written it,
Dad would've beaten her up until she wrote it.
Then tell the prosecutor all about the coercion and assault.
I told you it's pointless because they're colluding to dupe us!
Hey, how can someone stupid do such a thing?
See? You're admitting that they're colluding.
That's not what I meant. Goodness.
You little... Do you want to bet?
That prosecutor will...
investigate your dad and put him behind bars. I'll bet...
I'll bet... Listen up, okay?
Stop trying too hard.
You probably don't even have anything to bet.
Hey! You're the one who clogged up the toilet, right?
You sure took a huge dump.
How childish.
Get lost.
Gosh, that little...
You're going to poop again, aren't you?
It's yours!
No, it's yours!
- I know that it's yours! - Raising an only child...
is so challenging at times.
I always tell myself that it must be better than having two of her.
Don't lie to my face!
- Hey! - She takes after her dad, not me.
How much is it?
- It comes to 16 dollars. - Okay.
Here you go.
What's going on?
Did you foresee again in your dream that I'd be here?
No, I've been waiting for you.
What happened to your forehead?
And your finger too.
I hurt myself a little while making breakfast earlier.
Where's she going now?
(Episode 6 will air shortly.)